# part_2

This tutorial builds upon the concepts covered in part_1 by explaining how to save and load an agent's experience.

## Summary

In part_1 we learned how to instantiate an environment, minimally initialize it, and then train an agent on it. The issue with part_1 is that the experience gained by the agent during training wasn't being saved anywhere, effectively "deleting" the experience once the environment and agent instances were terminated. In this tutorial, it is explained that by adding a few lines of code, the agent's experience can be saved and loaded. To that end, two scripts are developed, `part_2_save.py` and `part_2_load.py`. Another useful concept that is introduced is the *tensorboard* which is a way to visualize the agent's learning performance. There are several practices relating to *tensorboard* which can help the developer make modifications to the learning process in order to improve the agent's performance.

## part_2_save.py

This script is essentially an extension of the `part_1.py` script from part_1. The difference is this script has the added lines of code necessary for the agent's experience to be saved. When saved, the "experience file" is stored in the `part_2_data/loadable_models` directory. In addition, useful metrics are stored in the `part_2_data/logs` directory. Depending on how the implementation is configured, the agent will train using a specified algorithm, for example PPO or A2C, and the training will continue for the amount of timesteps that are specified. The agent's experience is saved periodically during training.

## part_2_load.py

This script is similar to the `save` script, except is specifically takes an "experience file" that was generated by the `save` script and loads it into the agent. Then, when the agent is exposed to the environment, the agent utilizes that experience that was loaded to navigate the environment. Notably, by loading experience, the agent is not learning anymore, it is just performing actions to the best of its ability given the experience that was loaded.

## tensorboard

Remember that the `save` script also generates log files which contain useful metrics relating to your agent's performance over time, during training. These can be viewed using tensorboard.

1. In VS Code, open a terminal, make sure it is a CMD terminal
2. utilizing dir and cd, navigate to the folder that contains the "logs" folder, the location will depend on what you input in the corresponding script
    - You may need to run the script first so that the directories and log data are created
3. With your VENV active, type the following, "tensorboard --logdir=logs" and press enter
    - You may see a warning saying a command is deprecated, this is a bug and can safely be ignored. Actually, if you dig into the "losses.py" script, you'll find that the command that is supposedly incorrect is actually correct, like it's literally using the command that the warning is asking for, so this warning is straight up a bug.
4. From the terminal output, copy the web address where the tensorboard gui is located and paste it into a web browser

## Interpreting and leveraging the graphs in tensorboard

Note that each "run" of training is graphed in its own distinguishing color. You can compare the different runs and select the best run, then you can select the experience at a point in time that showed the best performance, and at that point you can load the "experience file" and run an agent utilizing that performant experience file.